Warning during BlindEvaluate for POPRF. (#356)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

lists. Using larger lists allows servers to batch the evaluation of multiple
elements while producing a single batched DLEQ proof for them.

> When `BlindEvaluate` triggers `InverseError` means the function is about to
> calculate the inverse of a zero scalar, which is a failure of the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BlindEvaluate` triggers `InverseError` when the function is about to
calculate the inverse of a zero scalar, which does not exist and therefore
yields a failure in the protocol.
```

More importantly, it also means there exists an input `info` that maps to the

> secret key of the server, and this may be known by a malicious client. Hence,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secret key of the server. Clients that observe this signal are assumed to therefore
know the server secret key. Hence,
```

lists. Using larger lists allows servers to batch the evaluation of multiple
elements while producing a single batched DLEQ proof for them.

`BlindEvaluate` triggers `InverseError` when the function is about to
calculate the inverse of a zero scalar, which does not exist and therefore
yields a failure in the protocol.

> More importantly, it also means there exists an input `info` that maps to the
> secret key of the server. Clients that observe this signal are assumed to therefore
> know the server secret key. Hence,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only occurs for `info` values that map to the secret key of the server. Thus, 
clients that observe this signal are assumed to know the server secret key. Hence,
```
